Link "type" field required for all link relations, clarify media types in examples (#368)
radiantearth/stac-api-spec: ogcapi-features/README.md

These conformance classes also requires implementation of the link relations in the [STAC API - Core](../core) conformance class.

> While the STAC definition does not require the existence of the `type` field in
> all Link objects, this is required by OAFeat and is thereby required by the
> *STAC API - Features* conformance class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Link objects SHALL have a `type` field, as this is required by OAFeat and is thereby required by the
*STAC API - Features* conformance class.

If the target of a Link's `type` is unknown, `type` SHOULD be set to `application/octet-stream` or `text/plain`.
```

If we're keeping the direct dependency on `OGC-API - Features` (https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-api-spec/pull/368#issuecomment-1429934890), this language should be made stronger IMO.

Author: We use `must` instead of `shall`, but I agree with the strenth of the wording and will make a change like that.

The following Link relations must exist in the Landing Page (root).

| **rel**       | **href**       | **Media Type**   | **From** | **Description**     |
| ------------- | -------------- | ---------------- | -------- | ------------------- |
| `conformance` | `/conformance` | application/json | OAFeat   | Conformance URI     |
| `data`        | `/collections` | application/json | OAFeat   | List of Collections |

### Collections (/collections)

The following Link relations must exist in the `/collections` endpoint response.

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer 2: Merge conflict leftovers

Author: 👍🏻
